
The main purpose of this repository is to store proof-of-concept that I know how to create a debian 
package. From now on, if there's a way I can hack together something to make my first 
install of Debian/Ubuntu a cleaner one, I can use this package to setup all depenencies I have on 
the environment. :3

To make this package work, just run `package' and it will take care of the rest. At some point,
it will ask questions about the target system. This will produce a {markizano.deb} file that can
then be used with dpkg to install and integrate with the system. Because this has root
access to the system, I can do whatever I want with the initial steps in the system as far as
packages are concerned.

More information on Debian control policies can be found here:
http://www.debian.org/doc/debian-policy/ch-controlfields.html


Mind-map/brainstorming:

/home/markizano
I store a lot of configuration here that really customizes my setup, experience and environment.
Dot files are stored here to maintain configuration for some modules, such as text editors,
window manager configuration, shell environment changes, etc.

I'd like to find a way to have this package "provide" the other packages that often cause dependency
issues but are provided with source code updates instead. For example, if I wanted a custom
apache/php/mysql setup, I can install these components, but in order to install some of the extensions,
it's much easier to just install the package for them instead of finding the source. If this package
provides the base packages (apache2, php5, mysql-client, mysql-server), then installing the extensions
would be a lot more streamy.

At some point the packaging utility (./package) is going to have to be updated to ask questions for the
target system that will receive the package.
Examples of questions:
	Are you root of this system?
		- If yes, include the /root directory configurations in the installation.

	Will this be a GTK system?
		- If yes, include the .gnome, .gtk, and .config home dot config files and directories.

	Is this a bare server build?
		- If yes, install these server packages: apache2, mysql, memcached;
	Will this service support:
		X? - If yes, install X
		Y? - If yes, install Y
		Z? - If yes, install Z
